Someone, help!
Help is on the way!
How long?
They said ten minutes.
Hold on!
Hey. Hey, look at me.
Okay. Grab the rope.
Okay. Okay.
Grab the rope.
Come on. Grab the rope.
Grab the rope. Look up.
Don't look down.
Good, good, good.
Yeah, come on. Good.
Come on, help 'em up.
That's it. Hurry.
You saved my life. Thank you.
Where'd he go?
Hey, whoever's in there,
come out right now.
Hi.
You're home.
Yeah, I couldn't wait
any longer.
And I-I really want to hug you,
but you're still
holding the...
Oh, right.
Oh, my gosh.
Mm. No, so,
I'm-I'm sorry.
I'm so gross right now.
You're perfect.
Except I'm pretty sure
you drank that OJ
straight from the bottle.
Oh, well, in my defense,
you weren't supposed to be home
until tomorrow.
I moved my travel orders up.
It only took three requests--
two informal, one formal--
uh, eight emails
and one very long phone call.
That is a lot of red tape
to cut through.
Is that turning you on
right now?
Just a little bit.
Do you think everyone else is
gonna be as surprised to see me?
Uh, surprised?
I mean, you came at me
with cookware.
Oh. Well, yeah.
They'll be, they'll be
totally surprised.
Fun. Okay, don't tell anyone
that I'm here.
I want to see all their faces
when I walk in.
Sure.
Alan!
You're back.
A day early. Yeah.
Surprise.
Um...
That means today is actually
my last day up here.
I mean, not last day
with NCIS, though.
Kai, what do you know
about this guy in the video?
Great, uh...
Guys, hi!
Luce.
You're back.
Welcome home.
Oh, that's a baby. Yeah.
Daniel's off-island
for a couple days.
And you're watching Nate?
Actually, Alex is.
He just needed to come by
and grab my house key. Oh.
Looks like I caught you guys
in the middle of a lot.
Desertion case.
Weird one, too.
We were just filling in Tennant
if you want to...
Yeah, let's-- Sure.
Let's-- Yep.
Okay.
So, a video has been circulating
of a heroic cliffside save
that happened yesterday
near Manoa.
And this relates to
a desertion case how?
Well, a tip came in
that our Good Samaritan here
resembled a Navy officer
that abandoned his post
eight years ago.
Facial rec confirmed
his identity.
All right,
what do we know about him?
Lieutenant Adrian Park.
Worked as
a Foreign Area Officer
stationed at
the U.S. Embassy in Seoul.
Intimately involved in
all things political, economic
and military in Korea.
Dinners with dignitaries
and negotiations
with North Korea.
Wow, he was busy.
Yeah, all up until
the day he just disappeared.
So he walked away
from an important job,
promising career.
Why?
The only thing that jumps out
is he asked for a discharge
but was denied.
Claimed he had
disc issues in his back.
His back seems fine to me. Yeah.
Navy thought so, too.
Soon after, though, he vanished.
Was he under investigations?
Take any sensitive material
when he left?
Squeaky-clean, allegedly.
He left for a reason.
Found them.
Lucy!
Alex! Hey!
It's so good to...
Oh. Shoot.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's-- Yep.
I'm sorry. I should...
Well, see you later.
Yeah, see you.
All right, guys, let's
go find Lieutenant Park.
Hey, glad you're back.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Oh, I-I have...
...presents.
Hey, Ernie.
Did you see Lucy?
Uh, she's coming
back tomorrow.
She's back?
Yeah.
Where is she now?
Look, I'm sure
she'll be by soon.
In the meantime,
did you find anything on Park?
Right.
Info on our deserter.
Come and sit.
Okay.
Not a whole lot. Ooh.
Only that this was
a real sofa's choice.
You mean "Sophie's choice"?
I choose my words like I choose
my high-voltage cables:
carefully.
Now, if Lieutenant Park
just stayed on his sofa,
he'd still be anonymous.
Instead he went viral.
Allowing us to now rely
on the wisdom of the crowd
to learn more about him.
Okay, you used the word
"wisdom" in relation to
a comments section.
So much for choosing
your words carefully.
Well, if
you want to argue
social theory
with Aristotle,
you're a couple
thousand years too late.
In the meantime,
take a look at this.
Whoa. That's in Korean.
Thanks.
"That's my language teacher."
The commenter goes to
a language school in Keeaumoku.
Honolulu's Koreatown.
That's a good place
for Park to hide out.
So, the thing is,
is I wasn't able to find
anyone teaching there
under the name Adrian Park,
but I did find
a David Lee.
He's teaching under an alias.
Okay. Any addresses on file?
Uh, nothing. It's--
The place is a small operation,
it deals all in cash.
There's no classes on
the schedule today,
but he seems
to sub often.
I'll-I'll text you if
I find out anything.
Okay, thank you.
Oh, wait. Hmm.
If Lucy's back,
what about the...
I know.
Oh, that's a problem.
What are we doing about
Lucy's surprise party?
No plan survives first contact. Okay.
The Marine quotes of the day
aren't helping.
No, Kai's right.
We improvise.
Look, Whistler offered
to host tonight.
Okay, except Wally's
is not open today.
And I'm not sure
if I can
get all the staff in
on short notice.
And the cake's not
gonna be ready.
What's the plan, boss?
Okay, well, it will
still be a surprise
if we have the party tomorrow.
Okay.
As planned.
So, uh, what do we do
in the meantime?
Am I missing a briefing?
Yeah.
No, we...
It's not exactly a briefing.
They're just filling me in
on what Ernie found.
Yeah.
Okay.
So we do this as a group
in your office now?
No.
Yeah, we...
Did you have something?
Well, David Lee has
near-perfect credit, no tickets,
no warrants and
always pays his taxes on time.
That's it.
Great. Thank you, Lucy.
Oh. It's Ernie.
Park will be subbing
for a class in one hour.
All right, Kai,
you and Jesse go pick him up.
Lucy, try to find what Park's
been up to the past eight years.
And, hey,
we're all glad that you're back.
How are we doing this?
Guns holstered,
badges out.
Guy's a deserter,
you know.
He's not a
dangerous criminal.
Who's living
under an alias.
He also saved a woman's life.
People are complex.
Look, there was this one Marine
when I was at Pendleton.
Bronze Star recipient, right?
With a bad habit of
dealing oxy on the side.
We go to pick him up...
Yeah?
...he shot at us four times.
Okay, you run point
this time, then.
Can I help you?
I'm Agent Holman.
This is Agent Boone. NCIS.
You, uh, mind if
we have a
chat outside?
I'm in the middle
of teaching a class right now.
It's important.
Lieutenant Park.
You got to be kidding me.
I'm sure it's been a while
since you saw these.
Eight years, give
or take, right?
Yeah.
It's a pretty good cover.
Come to Hawai'i,
work at a
language school
that doesn't require background
checks and pays in cash.
Eight years you didn't get
noticed for who you really are.
Until you saw
that woman,
desperate on the
side of the cliff.
Yeah, I mean, you could've
just walked away.
She would have died.
No doubt.
It's honorable that you blew
your cover to rescue her.
It's not so honorable
deserting your post in Korea.
Reconcile that for us.
I did what I had to do.
The rescue
or, uh, the desertion?
You were a FAO, right?
You had TS/SCI
clearance.
And you had extensive...
extensive contact
with North Korea.
Yeah, negotiations.
I was trying to establish peace.
But instead,
you end up living
here under an alias.
Working at a place
with a steady stream
of incoming foreign nationals.
That's an ideal location
to cultivate assets.
I'm not a spy.
Who sped off in the SUV
when we grabbed you?
We have a BOLO out.
It's only a matter of time
before we find it,
so you may as well
do yourself a favor and tell us.
Look, I'm not
what you think I am.
Then tell us what you are.
Because right now
you're a man with few options.
Getting fewer by the second.
I can't.
Hey, Alan. Hey.
Midday snack?
Clearing out my food
from the fridge.
I'm sure you can still keep
your food in the fridge.
I'm sorry.
All I've done is
rain on your parade.
No. It's fine.
Uh, it's not fine.
For a few months,
I touched greatness.
The A-team.
And now it's over.
I'm sure you'll be back soon.
You know my only regret?
I didn't get a chance
to work with you.
Me?
I know about
all your collars now.
And someone said you could fly?
Oh, I think you mean
I'm a flyer.
Like, cheerleading.
That makes so much more sense. Yeah.
Hey, they, um...
they talked about me?
All they've been talking about
this week is you coming back.
Really?
I don't know,
because things feel a bit off.
Hey, did your girlfriend
really sing to you
in front of everyone?
Yeah.
I wish
I could have seen it.
Actually, maybe not.
Uh, I get really emotional when
I witness acts of pure love.
Uh...
Hold on.
This is for you.
Got something for everyone
on the A-team.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Hey.
Hey. Got something for us?
Yeah. Just heard back from MCRT.
They searched the
language school.
Found two phones
that belong to Park,
and one is registered to
his alias David Lee.
Okay, what about the other?
Not registered at all.
Burner phone.
Do we have any record
of who he was calling?
That's the thing. He only
called one number with it--
also not registered,
recently deactivated.
Okay.
Surreptitious communications,
possible connections
to an enemy,
a triple-A fake identity.
Guy's definitely a spy, right?
Hey, Lucy!
Hi, Ernie.
Oh!
How was the ship?
Was it everything
you hoped it would be?
You have to tell me everything.
Oh, man, I would love to,
but, hey...
What?
Work.
Oh, yeah.
Right. Sorry.
What have you got?
Sorry.
I did some digging.
Whether Lieutenant Park
is a spy or not,
he had extensive contact
with one before deserting.
Bomi Seong.
North Korean diplomat.
Could be who he's been
contacting with the burner.
Maybe even who got
away in the SUV.
Okay, do we have any leads
that we can follow?
Well, Park mostly uses
a P.O. box,
but I managed to track down
an address for a townhouse
in Ewa Beach.
All right, Ernie,
find everything you can
on Bomi Seong.
Jesse, Lucy, grab Kai,
head to Park's townhouse.
Let's see what he's hiding.
This feels nice.
Yeah, gang's
all back together.
Oh, I meant walking on
land again, but that, too.
Ah, you getting
your land legs back?
Slowly.
Oh, but you know
what might help?
A night out
with the A-team.
How about
tomorrow night?
Uh, I can't.
Gracie has got
a school thing.
Yeah, I-I, uh, I was planning
to take Inoki to the park.
Oh, that sounds like fun.
I'll go with you.
No, no, no.
It's an exclusive thing
for, like, for dogs.
It's like
a doggy meet and greet.
Day after tomorrow, though,
great, great.
Same.
Yeah. We're here. Great.
Okay.
NCIS!
Power's not on.
I've seen IKEA showrooms
look more lived in than this.
Stock photos?
Didn't even bother
to take off the price tags.
Why rent a whole townhouse
if you don't even use it?
Keep looking.
Guys.
Runner!
Guess no shaking off
the rust for you.
What happened to the other guy?
He got away.
Let's go.
Where'd that come from?!
I don't know.
Everybody okay?
Yeah, I think so.
He's not.
Hey, Commander Chase.
Oh, hi, Kai.
We learn anything
about our body here?
In clinical terms,
he died from
a vulnus sclopetarium.
In layman's terms...
He was shot to death.
I was there.
A through and through
caused by a full metal jacket
nine millimeter.
Any chance you
could I.D. him?
Prints,
blood work, dental.
None of it is registered
in any U.S. database.
"U.S."
I'm guessing that means
you know he's foreign.
Knowing would imply
I could prove it,
but I have a strong suspicion
this man is North Korean.
How can you tell?
Signs of osteomalacia.
Disease that weakens bones.
Common for someone
who's had
a lifetime of
micronutrient deficiency.
Right, as if he grew up
in a place
that experienced
multiple famines.
Our John Doe's labs
showed lower than normal
levels of vitamin D,
iron, iodine and zinc.
Consistent with
other North Korean subjects.
I know.
It's terribly sad what the
people there have had to endure.
That.
But it also confirms
we have North Koreans
operating on U.S. soil.
Notified INDOPACOM.
North Korea's denying
all activity.
Did you tell 'em that Jesse
got punched like nine times
by a North Korean operative?
How do you know that?
You were in the bedroom.
Kai told me.
Not to mention,
they shot one of their own.
INDOPACOM is managing
things at a strategic level
while we track down
these operatives.
Any sign of Bomi Seong?
Well, we only had visuals
on the one who got away
and the one who got a
beating and a bullet.
Did you get a sense
of why they were there?
Looking for something.
But besides the showroom floor
furniture set,
the place had nothing.
Maybe they weren't there
to retrieve something
but rather someone.
Like a rendezvous point.
What else do
we know about
what North Korean
black ops are up to?
Maybe we can anticipate
their next move.
I'll admit it.
I know almost nothing about 'em.
Yeah, I'm not too up-to-date
on their latest operations.
But we know someone who is.
I know, I know. (shushes)
I know.
Everything okay?
Uh, yeah, I'm fine.
He's not.
Well, did you try the five S's?
Swaddle, side-stomach,
shush, swing, suck?
I've done like a hundred S's.
I know. I know.
Okay. Okay.
Apparently, "SAC" is
the only "S" that works.
You'll get better.
I'll get it.
Cool. I'm gonna go pass out.
Who is it?
How long have I been gone?
He's not mine.
Aren't you
the cutest little guy?
You should've taken credit
for him.
All right.
What are you doing here?
You had some questions.
I did, but most people
would just call.
And miss a chance
to visit
my favorite
Special Agent in Charge?
Pantry's
around the corner.
Yeah, not much
of an appetite, thanks.
Should I be worried about you?
Nah. Stomach just
doesn't always sit right
whenever I'm dealing
with North Korean kill squads.
You want to clarify?
Well, a few years ago,
some guys were going after
a North Korean dignitary
who spoke ill
of the regime,
and I got
this really bad stomach bug.
No, you said "kill squads"?
One of the guys
you had in custody
immediately caught a bullet,
didn't he?
You're dealing with
some rude dudes.
Now, can I get
a closer look
at this adorable-looking
little baby?
What's up?
How was the first day back?
It was fine.
I heard you kicked
a North Korean operative's ass.
You heard about that?
Yeah.
Kai texted me with a GIF
of Mighty Mouse
beating up a bad guy.
It was cute.
I don't get it.
Well, I think because
you are small but powerful.
No, I get
the Mighty Mouse thing.
But I... yeah, I get back
and everybody's weird,
and you're getting
live text updates of the day.
Well, I, you know,
I wouldn't read so much into it.
You should've seen 'em.
They were acting strange.
They're probably busy.
So busy they can't even
make plans with me?
Look, I'm sure
there are extenuating...
I couldn't wait to come
back and see everyone.
It's like, you know,
I don't, I don't need
a big welcome home, but,
I guess, just something.
Well, we're throwing you
a surprise party.
Um...
It was planned for tomorrow, but
then you came home a day early,
and we've been trying to pivot
and make it work
without you finding out.
Oh.
Well, it's still,
it's still happening.
It just...
well, it has to be tomorrow
because that's when we could
get everything together.
Oh, my gosh,
you guys are the best!
Oh, and you.
You used to
protect secrets
for a living,
and you let one slip
'cause you couldn't stand
to see me upset.
Well, I guess
I kind of did.
Mm-hmm.
Mm, but promise me
you will still act surprised.
They will not
suspect a thing.
Charlie 1.
Buenos días, muchacho.
This is who Tennant called about
the North Korean black ops.
Bingo.
Hey, you know we got
bowls for that, right?
North Koreans sent a kill squad.
But Park's in our custody.
Why go after him at all?
Maybe they're also looking
for someone else.
Bomi Seong.
Why would they want
Park and Bomi dead
if they're North Korean assets?
Because they're not.
Park left eight years ago.
Not a peep on the streets
from Bomi Seong since.
Nothing at all?
Poof.
Popped smoke.
Well, it makes sense
the North Korean kill squad
would be after her if she fled.
Question is:
Why would Park and Bomi flee
at the same time?
But I think we all know
the answer to that.
And only one person can confirm.
Bomi Seong, North Korean spy.
She is what we colloquially call
a "honeypot."
She's supposed
to get close to you.
Get you to turn.
But the plan
didn't work.
Because you guys fell in love.
But, of course, you
couldn't be with her
given your position
in the Navy,
so you tried to get out.
And there was no way North Korea
was just gonna let her go.
So you had to
go into hiding.
Is she okay?
As far as we know.
Do you know where she is?
I was hoping
you'd help with that.
Let's start with
an easy question.
Was Bomi the one driving the SUV
at the language school?
And I take it,
at that point,
you both realized you were made.
Where's Bomi now?
I don't know.
Given who she used to be,
I know you have a bug-out plan.
And what happens if I tell you?
We find and protect her.
And then what?
She's a known spy
illegally in this country.
You and I both know what happens
if you bring her in.
She'll have to answer for
the crimes she committed.
She'll go to prison. Maybe.
But she'll be alive.
You'll take a mother
away from her children.
How many?
Two.
Seven and five years old.
I need you to listen to me
very carefully.
There is
a North Korean kill squad
on the island.
If you want to
protect your family,
you need to help me.
Right now.
We had a plan.
She would gather up the kids,
head to an airfield
and find a plane.
The BOLO just came through
on Bomi's SUV.
Did they make it
to the airfield?
Careful.
Something feels off.
Yeah, car's
really beat-up.
Go ahead.
Whoa.
Hi.
It's okay. It's all right.
Where's-where's your mom?
Oh, I missed you.
I love you so much.
Are you okay?
Are you hurt?
Who doesn't love
a twofer on hugs?
It's relief.
And for his sake, I hope he
lives in it as long as he can.
He know the hornet's nest
he knocked over?
He and Bomi planned
for this day.
Don't think they ever
expected it, though.
North Koreans have a long memory
and a penchant for retribution.
It's peculiar why
they didn't also take the kids.
It's not peculiar
if you're a mother.
SUV traded paint
with someone else
but still ended up in a public
lot with eyeballs and CCTV.
Bomi knew she couldn't get away,
so she gave herself up
to save them.
These people, they
don't just kill.
They make an example of you.
She'd know that
better than anyone.
And yet... she
still did it.
Never thought I'd see the day
I respect a North Korean spy.
You know, she still may be
on-island.
Not for long.
What's chatter in
your world saying?
They're not looking, are they?
Hey, bad guys
are eating their own.
Your words or theirs?
You know how the game works.
It's not a game to them.
The family's lucky
they came out this intact.
They are still not whole.
I feel an ask coming.
Look, someone on our side
is watching.
Someone with every resource
at their fingertips.
If they knew
where the operatives were,
I would tell you.
I'm not asking for answers.
I'm asking for a hand.
Bomi traded being a spy for
being a mother a long time ago.
Charlie 1 came through.
It's like a portal to an all-new
world opened up. Watch this.
Is that...?
Tennant's car.
It's wild, right?
Several surveillance drones
are circling the island
as we speak,
and we get to send in
requests for intel.
You are drunk with power.
Well, it hasn't done
that much good, though.
I mean, I have footage
of Bomi being grabbed.
Even used the
fancy new drones
to find their
vehicle abandoned.
Then they vanished.
It's as if living in
a surveillance state
has prepared them
for this.
Airports are on alert?
Completely.
Keeping an eye on everything,
including North Korean vessels
they could try
to link up with at sea.
And there aren't any
in proximity to the islands?
Mm, not that
we've found.
The little hamster wheel
in there is spinning.
Did I ever tell you I got in
the water during my deployment?
You conquered your fear.
Ooh, "conquer" is
a bit aggrandizing.
I just-- I-I swam.
I'm proud of you, Luce.
Thanks, but, uh,
praise isn't the point.
We were at port,
and I went to this beach
with some new friends,
and they encouraged me
to snorkel.
Wow, and expose yourself
to everything under there?
That's the thing.
I was expecting to see
a literal nightmare,
except it was just
rocks and coral.
Well, because the fish
camouflage themselves.
Exactly.
And then an octopus
popped out of nowhere.
And you lived to tell the tale.
Okay, yes, the
octopus was cute
with its eight
weird little legs.
Point is, it was right
there in front of me
the whole time,
hiding in plain sight.
Maybe the North Koreans
are out there.
We just haven't been
looking hard enough.
Okay.
Here is a row of
fishing vessels.
Good place to hide
in plain sight.
Time to find out
if one of them's fishy.
You get a pass because
I'm proud of you.
Any leads from the vehicle
the operatives abandoned?
No prints. No receipts.
Nothing we could use to
help us know who they are,
where they're staying
or where they're going.
Damn, I need those guys
to come clean my car
after a camping trip
with the family.
Yeah, but there's
also no sign
that they've left
the island yet.
Which means
we still have time.
Eh, but maybe
not much of it.
You have something?
Yeah.
Only an 800-pound bluefin tuna.
As you already know, there's
no sign of the North Koreans
anywhere on Oahu,
but 12 miles off the coast
is international waters.
Lot of people fish there
to avoid U.S. quotas.
Yep. Exactly.
So most of these boats
are tracking schools of fish.
But there's one
just hanging out out there.
This boat isn't tracking
a school of fish.
Doesn't have nets
or cages out.
What's it doing
out there, then?
By all accounts, nothing.
Looks legit.
Boats from Hawai'i start
with the letters H-A.
Except...
HA-1607-AB is
at the bottom of the ocean.
It sunk four years ago.
And judging by the manifest,
this one has an all-Korean crew.
Could be a rendezvous ship.
Which means
Bomi and the operatives
still have to get to it somehow.
Pull up Kewalo Basin Harbor.
Why Kewalo?
Because this harbor is a direct
line to the boat in question.
Let's go get Bomi back.
Any eyes on Bomi
or the North Koreans?
No sign yet.
Maybe they already
booked it out of here.
No way.
Orville would've spotted them.
What happened to Wilbur?
This is Wilbur's brother.
Instead of
an underwater scanner,
Orville is outfitted with a
high-powered surveillance camera
that can read the serial number
off a five-dollar bill
from 1,500 feet.
Ernie, where are you?
I'm on a boat.
Whose boat?
Thought you would never ask.
Can't legally carry a gun
in the States,
but I make
a hell of a chauffeur.
He ate all our snacks.
It's the least he can do.
All right, heads on swivel
and keep moving.
Any idea
what we're looking for?
Something fast and
that could outrun
a Coast Guard
cutter if need be.
Team, I think I got something.
Yep. Found them.
Bomi's tied up on a Zodiac
on slip 104.
All right, Jesse, Lucy,
that's you.
We're on our way over.
Hands! Hey!
Federal agents!
Don't move!
Gun in your belt, drop it!
Boss, I don't
think these guys
plan on reading us
our Miranda rights.
Almost there.
They're gonna get away
if we don't do something.
Or they're gonna shoot us.
Either would
be a bummer.
Get ready.
Orville's got your six.
You good?
I'm good, I'm good!
Can't let them get away.
Not this time.
Bomi! Jump!
I got her, I got her!
I got you.
Kai!
Need a lift?
Thanks for the assist, boss.
Someone aced their
marksmanship qualifications.
Hey.
Your family's safe.
This is all my fault.
You know, I heard this saying
once during on an op in Seoul.
"If your tail's long, someone
will catch it eventually."
There was only so long
that you could live in hiding.
It's over.
But so is everything.
No, maybe it doesn't have to be.
I was a spy.
Which leaves you
with something to offer.
Look, it's a game
to some people.
So play it.
Cake's already there.
All right, I'm gonna
pick up the food.
Need a hand?
As many as I can get.
All right,
maybe Alan can help.
I haven't seen him...
I'm here.
Geez.
What do you need?
Okay, last-minute prep.
Mm-hmm. Anything. Just name it.
All right, what
we're gonna do...
Guys, guys, guys.
Hell of a first case back.
Am I right?
Yeah.
Totally.
Crazy.
Okay. Well, I will
see you guys later.
"Crazy"?
I was just...
Come on, come on.
How long you been
waiting there for me?
Musubi duration.
You ready to talk Park?
D.O.D. sent you to tell me?
Penance for my participation
at the marina.
In case I shoot the messenger.
Something like that.
All right,
how bad is it?
Well...
there are consequences
for spying and desertion.
Their words, not mine.
All right, well, Park and Bomi
didn't have much choice
considering
their situation.
You didn't
let me finish.
They decided to
make an exception.
Huh.
Turns out Bomi knew
all the magic words.
Offered to name names.
Point us to operations
that may still be ongoing.
Not surprising she knows
what information is valuable.
Even suggested that Keith
Braddock from the CIA
would be really interested
in what she has to say.
Keith Braddock, huh?
Turns out he is.
He said give Bomi whatever
she wants in exchange for it.
All right, well,
did that include a pardon
for her husband's desertion
and amnesty for herself?
I think you
know it did.
You're something else,
Jane Tennant.
My words.
And theirs, actually.
I finally got Nate down.
It's so much work.
Changing them,
feeding them, rocking them.
Worrying about
every little thing.
I haven't looked
at my phone once.
Oh, well, in that case, you
should watch Nate more often.
I'm starting
to wonder why
anybody puts themselves
through this.
Hmm.
One day,
if you decide
to have kids...
...you'll realize
it stops being about you.
You'd walk into fire
if you had to.
You're welcome.
Welcome for what?
For never making you
walk into fire.
How quickly you forget
about dinner with Cassandra.
Oh.
Please. I'm too tired to laugh.
I'm gonna go out
for a bit, okay?
Be home by 11:00.
Love you.
I think I love this pillow more.
Surprise!
Oh, my gosh!
This is so amazing, y'all!
I'm so surprised!
Whistler.
I thought discretion
was your thing.
I-- It just came out.
No, it's not,
it's not her fault.
She just loves me so much.
But seriously, thank you. Thanks.
Well, hey, I'm sorry that
we couldn't surprise you
on the day you arrived, but...
you have to know that there
isn't a day that has gone by
that we haven't
thought about you.
To Lucy.
To Lucy!
♪ Yours and it's mine ♪
♪ This is our time ♪
♪ This is our time... ♪
I'm-I'm sorry. I panicked,
and I gave your gift to Alan.
I love it.
It's a boring stapler.
It means you're home.
Picture!
Okay.
All right, who's taking it?
Thank you.
Alan! Come here!
Yes! Come on!
♪ Yours and it's mine... ♪
All right, guys,
"welcome home" on three.
One, two, three.
Welcome home!
Captioning sponsored by CBS
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org